NNZ Executive Board Meeting

2/20/2282 - 1900 MPST

---

Welcome executive board members. Thank you for attending this meeting on such short notice.

As you all know, I am NNZ Executive Board chairman, Aterius Wright. Also in special attendance tonight is renowned freelance cryptologist, Edison Vasser.

Before I outlay the agenda items for this meeting, you should all be apprised of the occurrence from 2/19 at 22:38 MPST. NNZ CEO Henrik Vanlith perished in an unprecedented accident while traveling in his personal Novoline V-JET. Despite the historic 0% technical failure rate of the award-winning NV-616 V-JET, which our very outlet has covered in extensive detail over the past few years, a technical incident is documented to have occurred in the fuel-enrichment injectors. The V-JET was completely vaporized and there are no identifiable remains of either the craft or of CEO Vanlith.

Upon signal of CEO Vanlith's death, the NNZ Board of Directors received a group communication with Henrik's corporate encryption code package and his succession instructions. They approved his succession plan in a unanimous vote at 23:15 MPST. That approval is why all of you are here.

Today's meeting agenda item is to appoint our NNZ CEO from among this room unless it is determined that none of you are specially qualified.

All of you are talented, ambitious, and socially-connected. All of your corporate records are impeccable as far as work performance and corporate loyalty. CEO Vanlith has set forth one final qualification test for you. This is a very unique test. It is a test which our system does not already know your qualification level. 

While virtually all of our systems use corporate-grade encryption systems, CEO Vanlith was a firm believer that sometimes the old ways are still contextually indispensable. You have each been given a unique encoded message from Vanlith's succession instruction package. The first one of you to decode your message and take the corresponding action will be appointed CEO. Furthermore, anyone who does not decode their message before the end of the meeting will have the qualification deficiency added to their career record. It will be taken into account at the next automatic monthly performance review, as usual.

As this meeting has a non-standard agenda item, the following time may be spent according to your discretion.







