        METROPLEX ZERO SOUND DESIGN

1) Click when scrolling pages in Hero Card Library, Enemies, or Gear. It could be the same clicks with some pitch modulation applied to avoid the player being bored too much 
2) Opening and closing woosh in "Hero Card Library" and "Enemies" when you click on a card 
If the enemies would have some animation in the "Enemies" section, this animation should be scored accordingly (i guess this is the note for the future) 
3) Some sort of click when you press "Escape"
4) Error sound when a player is doing something wrong 
5) Maybe, it would be handy to have some sound for the actual start of the game once you have chosen your squad. This is a very important point and should be accompanied by some sci-fi sort of woosh 
6) On the map when you point at a certain place where you want to go with your squad there should be clicks too 
7) When you travel on the map there should be some sound accompanying the movement. It could be some woosh or even footsteps. It totally depends on your taste in that case 
8) When you choose your deck right before the fight there should be clicks everywhere when you point at certain places – on your heroes, their abilities, and so on 
9) Different clicks when you activate an item. Сards should have wooshes 
10) «Сlear deck» should have some sort of signal to make a player pay attention to this action
 11) Filling the deck with cards should have its own sounds too. Maybe with some different error sound when you cannot take some item with you to the fight 
 12) Some sound that plays when you press "start the fight". This is an important point 
13) On the battlefield there should be foley sounds – some noise of a warehouse or computer noise, or a noise of a street. Anything that is telling a player that this is an actual place 
14) When you drop a card in to a basket there should be a sound of a card disappearing
 15) When you point at cards there should be some sort of whooshy card sounds 
16) When you take a card and aim at some target there should be an aiming sound 
 17) When you click on an enemy with a right button there should be a whoosh sound for a pop-up screen 
18) All guns should have their own sounds of shooting and hitting a target. Also, it could differ depending on if it hit a body or a metal, for example. We could start just with a couple of sounds 
 19) A sound for a card flipping over 
20) All melee attacks should have their own sounds. We could start with a couple of sounds + poison attack 
21) When you gain resources there should be a sound that is communicating to a player that he/she is getting something valuable. Some sort of rewarding whoosh 
22) All fire attacks should have their own sounds. The bigger ones should sound more brutal, than average ones. We could start with just a few sounds and then come up with some more 
23) A unique sound for every attack or effect that is animated (drone locking a target, applying a shield, all boosts and effects) 
 24) A small sound for characters when they step forward to perform some action
25) A very sexy and rewarding sound for "Hedge Fund" card 
26) A good sound for characters taking damage. Also some sounds for enemies taking damage 
27) A sound for a character's death. Also, some sort of a draft sound for each enemy's death
28) Some sound when you enter a medical center and some sounds of healing 
29) Some foley for entering and a sound for buying gear at Tritonico Temple  
30) The same for a card shop 
31) A sound of quest pop-up screens 
32) A nice and rewarding sound at the end of the fight when you get some prizes 

