Novoline
(Novaline is a para military group who made bank playing both sides of wars when, both sides realized if either side stopped paying them they would be dead)
(even their employees gotta buy you know if they wanna live)
Are you afraid? Your feelins are valid? You should be afraid? Only you will protect yourself? Let us get you what you need... Novaline

Equipment:
Emergency Tactical Shield
Shield Generator
Adaptive Armor
Auto Mag Rifle
Extended Clip
Safe Auto Reloader
Team Prioritizer
Kinetic Designator
Mark Broadcaster
Portable Synthesizer


Medigeneix
(The own the clinics that specialize in dealing with the problem their addictive substances produce)
Your body your decision... The difference between addictions and habits is judgementalness... Live life to the fullest... Your health your choice... are you living?

Equipment:
Burnout Module
Regeneration Accelerators
Reflex Boosters
Rage Boosters
Kinetic Amplifier
Juiced Treatments
Cranial Implant
Cranial Machine Learning
Pain Transfer Implant
Aikido Hyper Reflexers


Plasmigarchy
(Inventor of the plasma power plants that took over the market since then many competitors have appeared but unfortunately had to close down due to their plants suffering explosive reactors (the explosions seem to be plasma based))
(this corporation has one of the worst public reputations but there is no resistance without power, so everything carries on)
Running your world... Its us or its lights out... Powering your future... Be the feel powerful... 

Equipment:
Energy Pack
Static Discharge
Withering Shock Strike
Savage Power Hypergizer
Power Prep Module
Dark Web Hotline
Shadow Suit
Shadow Focus Implant


Ritehastery
Carastery
Lightnosis
(This is the most secretive of all the corporations, claiming all their break throughs were through commune with the spirits, any disappearences were members ascended or went off to live as monks)
(Rumors have spread saying they have partaken in human sacrifice and such as part of their spirtual research, they make it their business to be sickeningly nice)
(They change people's memories and mind, things are fuzzy around their events but the commonly enlighten people or offer up buildings, they know various dark magics so on the regular they offer up people that are loners that no one know)

Equipment:
Body Aflame
Blood, Sweat & Flames
PreVNTR
Focus Amp
Disrupting Field
Leader of the Year Medallion


Inpolysible
(Scalper's, Scavengers, Fences, this corp makes its profit off of stolen goods, acting as a fence or directly scaveging used equipment on recent battlefields. 
They then sell items back to you. unfortunately the only reason they are not messed with by other corporations is they still have to pay royalties to the corps that manufactured the equipment to have it work)
Why limit yourself? You can have the best of both worlds... Polyfactor's Paradise! Be unique, you're special...

Events: